Security and trust promise (#61)
datum-cloud/enhancements: enhancements/platform/security-and-trust-promise.md

- OWASP Top 10: Our developers are educated on the OWASP Top 10 Vulnerabilities and are trained to think about how someone could use each of the top ten vulnerabilities to gain access to our systems, databases or networks.
- Environment Segregation: Datum builds distinct environments for development, staging, and production.

#### Platform Security
- Authentication and Session Management: Datum requires strict authentication to access platform resources, including Portal, APIs, and AI interfaces. Datum requires the use of TLS for data in-flight from a platform user to our platform. 
- System to System Communication: Datum employs the use of TLS for machine to machine communication.
- Secure defaults: Datum believe that security isn't a feature a user has to enable or opt into. We deploy secure defaults out of the box.
- Rate Limiting: Datum may employ rate limiting techniques at appropriate platform ingress interfaces to prevent abuse of its resources.
- Secret Management: We do not store secrets in plain text. We use a vault to inventory, secure, and store secrets wherever posisble. 

#### Infrastrucuture Security

> - Network and System Hardening: Datum will apply the principle of least privilege to the openness of our network and systems. Netowrk and systems are hardened by changing vendor passwords, removing unneccesary packages and software, locking down network addresses and ports, and utilizing security brokers (Reverse Proxy, Zero Trust Network Access, etc.) where appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Network and System Hardening: Datum will apply the principle of least privilege to the openness of our network and systems. Network and systems are hardened by changing vendor passwords, removing unnecessary packages and software, locking down network addresses and ports, and utilizing security brokers (Reverse Proxy, Zero Trust Network Access, etc.) where appropriate.
```

- Segementation: Datum will employ network segmentation for containing the compromise domains of sensisitive internal systems, thereby limiting a bad actor's potential lateral movement capabilities in our systems. Datum will provide strong segmentation amongst organizations and their projects. Datum will not permit remote attachment to its networks where broad scope access is granted (e.g. traditional VPN technologies).
- DDoS Resilience: Datum will employ current practices to harden its infrastructure from Denial of Service (DoS) attacks by leveraging first party mitigration techniques (BGP RTBH, Flowspec, Overprovisioning, L4 and L7 Filtering) plus 3rd party mitigations as required.
- Event Logging: Datum will employ event logging to monitor critical system infrastructure and its associated behaviors.

#### Data Security
- Encryption at rest: Datum will encrypt sensitive information, including secrets, when stored at rest using strong crytographic imlementations. 
- Theory of Least Privilege
- Data Deletion: DISCUSS: Datum will allow customers and users leaving our platform to request full deletion of their data from the system.
- Auditing

> - No "Home Grown" Encryption: Datum will not create nor deploy home grown encryption implementations. Only publically avaiable and verified encryption algorithsm will be used on the Datum Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- No "Home Grown" Encryption: Datum will not create nor deploy home grown encryption implementations. Only publicly available and verified encryption algorithms will be used on the Datum Cloud.
```
